**Abstract**: Fibroblast Growth Factor receptor (FGFR) 4 is overexpressed in Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and plays a key role in tumor growth. Although the FDA has approved quite a lot of drugs for HCC, acquired resistance has been noted in them. Along with this, selectivity is the major problem for FGFR4. Several approved drugs for FGFR are present but they are acting on all of the receptors i.e., FGFR1-19. The only dissimilarity in FGFR4 with respect to other receptors is the presence of cys552 residue in the active site of binding pocket producing covalent bond with ligands. A total of 360 molecule was designed on the basis of approved structural aspect. The designed quinazoline based compounds were docked covalently against FGFR4 (PDB ID: 4XCU) twice using Cresset Flare software. There are total of 181 compounds which failed to produce stable complex in spite of optimizing the parameters of the Molecular-Mechanics Genaralised Born Surface Area (MM/GBSA) calculations. The remaining compounds were further screened through the MM/GBSA calculation. The best-found compound (111) of MM/GBSA calculation was selected for molecular dynamics simulation for 100 ns to determine the stability of the complex over the time being. ADMET predictions were also done to evaluate drug-likeness using ADMETlab 2.0. As a result, it is found that the structural similarity of the failed 181 compounds has bulkier substitutions at the N-substituted sulfoximine moiety. The further screening of the remaining 179 compounds resulted in 89 compounds having the binding energy ranging from -70.79 kcal/mol to -54.02 kcal/mol. Compound 111 produced stable RMSD (2.0–3.2 Å) throughout the simulation after 10 ns. The strength of hydrogen bonding as well as other interactions through the contact trajectory of the MD simulation also defines the stability of the compound. All the 89 compounds showed good physiochemical and pharmacokinetic properties, suggesting their potential for further experimental research along with most stable compound 111.
